README.md, before:

# Avatar

Avatar generates a random avatar from a seed string. It is guaranteed to always
generate the same avatar for the same seed, which makes it ideal for generating
avatars based on usernames or ids.

![An SVG generated by the Avatar module](./assets/example.svg)

## Usage

```typescript
import {
  generatePng,
  generateSvg,
} from "https://deno.land/x/avatar@v1.3.0/mod.ts";

// Generate an SVG avatar with the default options.
let avatar = await generateSvg("jimbob");

// Generate an avatar with a custom size.
avatar = await generateSvg("marysue", { size: 128 });

// Generate an avatar with rounded corners...
avatar = await generateSvg("billybob", { radius: 10 });

// Or a full circle.
avatar = await generateSvg("libbymae", { radius: 100, size: 64 });

// Generate a PNG avatar.
avatar = await generatePng("cleetus", { radius: 20, size: 256 });
```

## Credits

The avatars are generated using elements from
[the splendid Miniavs avatar builder](https://www.figma.com/community/file/923211396597067458),
by [Webpixels](https://www.figma.com/@webpixels).

Commit message:

Add license section to README

README.md, after:

# Avatar

Avatar generates a random avatar from a seed string. It is guaranteed to always
generate the same avatar for the same seed, which makes it ideal for generating
avatars based on usernames or ids.

![An SVG generated by the Avatar module](./assets/example.svg)

## Usage

```typescript
import {
  generatePng,
  generateSvg,
} from "https://deno.land/x/avatar@v1.3.0/mod.ts";

// Generate an SVG avatar with the default options.
let avatar = await generateSvg("jimbob");

// Generate an avatar with a custom size.
avatar = await generateSvg("marysue", { size: 128 });

// Generate an avatar with rounded corners...
avatar = await generateSvg("billybob", { radius: 10 });

// Or a full circle.
avatar = await generateSvg("libbymae", { radius: 100, size: 64 });

// Generate a PNG avatar.
avatar = await generatePng("cleetus", { radius: 20, size: 256 });
```

## License
Avatar is open source software, released under [the MIT license](./LICENSE.txt).

## Credits

The avatars are generated using elements from
[the splendid Miniavs avatar builder](https://www.figma.com/community/file/923211396597067458),
by [Webpixels](https://www.figma.com/@webpixels).
